fbpager.alpha: 128
fbpager.x: 0
fbpager.y: 0
fbpager.workspace.width: 32
fbpager.workspace.height: 32
fbpager.workspacesPerRow: 9
fbpager.layer: top
fbpager.followDrag: true
fbpager.followMove: true
fbpager.followScale: height
fbpager.changeWorkspaceButton: 1
fbpager.raiseWindowButton: 2
fbpager.lowerWindowButton: 3
#fbpager.closeWindowButton: 3 3 1
#fbpager.exitButton: 1 3 3
fbpager.nextWorkspaceButton: 4
fbpager.prevWorkspaceButton: 5
fbpager.moveInWorkspaceButton: 2
fbpager.dragToWorkspaceButton: 3
fbpager.align: LeftToRight
fbpager.color: black
fbpager.windowColor: black
fbpager.focusedWindowColor: white
fbpager.windowBorderColor: darkgray
fbpager.backgroundColor: darkgray
fbpager.currentBackgroundColor: lightgray
fbpager.multiClickTime: 250
fbpager.icons: true
fbpager.windowBorderWidth: 0
fbpager.workspace.border.active.width: 0
fbpager.workspace.border.inactive.width: 0
fbpager.border.active.color: darkgreen
fbpager.border.inactive.color: white
